The Joe Rogan experience.
I don't know what to think about that. I've been saying this.
That was little Wayne. Yeah.
If that was little Wayne and little Wayne was going crazy,
spending all his money and putting diamonds in his forehead.
That was that Lil vert. Who was that guy that did that with diamond vert?
Yep. Yeah. What do you mean put diamonds in his.
Forehead, dude,
that a giant diamond inserted into his forehead and that someone.
Stole it goes, wait, wait, wait.
Like grabbed it, ripped it outta his head. Wait a minute.
You don't know about this? No. Like the guy from so someone he's got a new one.
No, there's a new rapper that has, uh,
gold chain surgically implanted into his head.
He did it before he beat somebody doing it.
And someone stole it like in pulled Avengers, like Thanos,
they pulled the thing out of.
Was fun. So this guy has these gold chains inserted into his head. Yeah. Oh,
that's that's hurt. Wait minute. Wait, wait minute. Wait. Be screwed
about the connection. What is he doing with his teeth? He's wait, who's this?
So these are, these are metal teeth too. He's got metal teeth. This is a.
Kid. Wow. Really is.
Brushing his metal teeth. But this,
I wanna know how he got those inserted in his head. The gold.
Chains. They can do that plug shape's.
That's a cool look. I'm thinking about going that way here is there.
Guys that had snap on hair is that.
I'm bald. I can't wear it too, but I could wear that.
I'm thinking about wearing, oh my God. Gold. Imagine just did just,
how about this? Not gold chain, but just gold studs. That's.
A really bad idea though. It just like beads gold beads.
That's a very yank thing.
Uh, look, he's got the neck thing where his neck is gonna grow.
Are you saying that's.
Not removable? He's gonna have a draft neck. Yeah. He's.
Gonna have a draft Kyle.
Around his neck as a child. It's actually very Regal to have a long neck, by.
The way. It's very loyal. Like a seven foot tall guy's neck. Yeah. Yeah.
Those it's not a, he,
he underwent surgery in April allowing him to hang dozens of chains from his
head.
I had it as a hook that's implanted in my head and that hook has hooks.
So they're all hooked in my skull. Under my skin. It's not hook to hook.
He said in a viral clip, this is my hair golden hair,
the first rapper to have gold hair imprinted in human history.
That word hair and a hook has said so many times.
Jamie,
please see if there's like detailed images that depict the surgery and the,
the subsequent, uh, bleeding.
Trump did it first, dude. <laugh>.
Imagine that though. This kids are very innovative.
That's like side ever. Punk, dude, dude, it's pretty wild.
I'm impressed. It's a waste of money. No, no, no, no.
A 40 million stupid painting is.
Awesome. If I looking at the painting wild,
if you had gold chains and planted into your head, how cool would that look?
I might, I don't.
I'm thinking of doing something radical like that or get that clown here.
Yeah man. Why don't you out?
You and I, Kurt. We're bald. Let's get something funky.
Well told basically balded no, you're doing way better. I know. Is.
This privileged.
Piece of? Yeah. Shut the up about, I love actual bald people. I'd love to.
Have that salad. You know, one.
Thing for, I don't know what I searched for on Instagram. Right.
But you know how you search something and then the algorithm shows you all these
things now. Yeah. Maybe I clicked on one that I saw in the search.
Just taking a one day. Bored. Yeah.
But there is a whole movement of guys gluing wigs to their head.
<laugh> oh, yes. There. Yeah. Yeah. Like, wait, what do you mean gluing?
It like, like ball guys.
It's like all the ones that I get are from take off sometimes. I don't know.
But they show a guy like looking like this,
like mm-hmm <affirmative> and then the guy like squirt the glue on the head and
puts this crazy wig. And then the guy's like, ah
it's why does he do that? Because this guy does this. I'm excited about the, uh,
this is his move. I'm gonna show you. I'm gonna show you.
I'm gonna send this to Jamie because I, I don't know. They, I,
you know how you get on an algorithm and then the algorithm just sends you. Oh,
I know. Immediately. I get, I get to one. It's pretty great.
Because like YouTube does that too. Where you just it's just seems okay. Glue.
I'll find you one. Your shirts says superior.
What is its a, I got one on the screen where there's oh, that's one of them.
Yeah. There's there's a ton of these guys.
Oh my God. That looks like, uh, Mexican.
Me. There's so many of these guys. They, they there's but this,
for whatever reason, I don't know country. It is. Yeah. They look sad.
What's this guy. Oh, said, God know. Yeah.
And then this guy comes along and glues down this, look at this. Hey,
watch this bam. Look at my hair now. Oh God. See.
Wow. But they'll show the process. Like I'm so sad. I that's.
Pretty amazing. Uh, my hair, any man can have lesbian hair. Now. That is the.
Times. But the thing is though, you you're gluing it. I know.
How do you get that off? It's rough. I've seen this. It does look good.
Looks good. It looks amazing. That looks good. <laugh> but that.
Looks like, uh, I feel like it would look good for a day, dude. Who's.
The guy from.
Uh, the glue would get loose. How heavy would your C.
Joelle? Joel? I met him in person and his, whatever.
Cuz you remember where he came from? Right? The burger king commercials.
I do not remember the.
Burger king commercials. Yeah. Before all that,
he was a guy who was going bald in burger king commercials. It was like, uh,
copying the success of the office. And it would be like,
I thought I told you a Whopper <laugh> it was like a and uh,
he was losing and then he had an amazing dragon ballsy hair. <laugh>.
Like he does.
Have great hair dude. And I asked him point blank, cuz I would've been like,
what do you do to hold your hair? I immediately, when I asked somebody that.
Okay, so this is back in the di you look, look.
Oh yeah. So that's right. When I was at that hair loss, I asked him,
what does he do to hold his hair? He didn't tell me he wouldn't tell you. Huh?
He probably had great. Gotta keep it tight. A good plug slips, sync ships.
And you got loose slips pal about it right now.
A podcast. If I could help people that to have Joelle had,
would feel it was my duty.
To do that. Watch the entire episode for free, only on Spotify.